Fixed an issue where CreateIndicatorRelationship gives error  when using ~~ characters (#27404)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_32_14.md

#### Scripts

##### CreateIndicatorRelationship

> - Fixed an issue where creating relationships was not working for indicators that have a Tilde in the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where creating relationships was not working for indicators that have a Tilde symbol in their value.
```
